https://hackaday.io/project/7982-cat-board

Vertical HDMI Connector
I decided to replace the SATA connectors on the original CAT Board with an 
HDMI port. Because of its location, the normal right-angle HDMI connector 
would be blocked by the USB ports of the Raspberry Pi. So I decided to use 
a vertical connector.

Finding vertical HDMI connectors wasn't easy. Digikey and Mouser didn't 
have any. I finally found some on Aliexpress, but I had to piece together 
the footprint dimensions from several sources. Obviously, I couldn't 
really trust my footprint so I built a small prototype board using 
several hole sizes and trace/space widths

Even so, I decided not to pursue this any further. The choice of suppliers 
for the connector was too limited and sketchy, and the assembly process 
looked like bent pins would be a problem.

Instead, I'll use the more common right-angle HDMI connector and 
bring it off the same side of the PCB that's used by the Raspberry Pi GPIO 
connector. To make room, I'll need to replace the through-hole GPIO socket 
with an SMT version.

In my last log, I had the SKiDL-generated netlist imported into an RPi HAT 
template. The problem with that is PCBNEW initially places all the parts 
pretty much any way it wants. That means you have to pick through a pile 
of parts to find which ones go with which. As an example, I highlighted 
(in white) the SDRAM chip and its bypass caps:


My solution for this problem was two-fold:

Since SKiDL descriptions are just programs with a natural hierarchy, I 
modified SKiDL to pass that hierarchy to PCBNEW by embedding it into the 
sheetpath fields of the netlists it generates.
Then I wrote a plugin for PCBNEW that would group and arrange the parts 
to reflect their position within that hierarchy.
With those two items in place, the relationships between the parts 
becomes much clearer. Here's the placement of the SDRAM and its bypass 
caps now:

After that, I was able to create an initial, rough placement for the CAT Board:

I still have to design the +3.3V and +1.2V voltage regulator circuits. 
After those are done, I can begin the detailed placing and routing.

It's been a few weeks since my last log post. Since then, I've done the following:

Created SKiDL modules for each of the blocks shown in my last log post, except for the power section. I still haven't 
selected the voltage regulators for that.
Wrote a blog post describing how to do parameterized SKiDL modules for 
LED circuits. This is also directly applicable to the switch and pushbutton 
sections of the CAT Board.
Released a version update for SKiDL that includes improvements motivated 
by the need to simplify/condense the SKiDL description of the CAT Board.
Merged the SKiDL-generated netlist for the CAT Board with my KiCad template 
for Rapsberry Pi HATs.
With regard to the last item on the list, here are the components and the 
HAT PCB boundary:

It's been a few weeks since my last log post. Since then, I've done the following:

Created SKiDL modules for each of the blocks shown in my last log post, 
except for the power section. I still haven't selected the voltage 
regulators for that.
Wrote a blog post describing how to do parameterized SKiDL modules for 
LED circuits. This is also directly applicable to the switch and pushbutton 
sections of the CAT Board.
Released a version update for SKiDL that includes improvements motivated 
by the need to simplify/condense the SKiDL description of the CAT Board.
Merged the SKiDL-generated netlist for the CAT Board with my KiCad 
template for Rapsberry Pi HATs.
With regard to the last item on the list, here are the components and the 
HAT PCB boundary:
06/21/18
kicad 5 linux on Ubuntu 16.04
sudo add-apt-repository --yes ppa:js-reynaud/ppa-kicad
sudo apt update
sudo apt install kicad
deleted CAT-Board at github and forked a new version.
git clone https://github.com/develone/KiCad-Schematic-Symbol-Libraries.git
git clone https://github.com/develone/CAT-Board.git

cd CAT-Board/ 
git checkout skidlized

cd pcb

kicad CAT-skidl.pro

SKIDL with Dave Vandenbout - Episode 96

https://www.podcastinit.com/wp-content/uploads/Episode-96-SKIDL-with-Dave-Vandenbout.mp3?ptm_source=download&ptm_context=select-button&ptm_request=5adac32e2060&ptm_file=Episode-96-SKIDL-with-Dave-Vandenbout.mp3#
